Ping, do you know
your gentleness
it made me realize
a relationship
isn’t just about physical attraction.
But now,
I want to protect you,
stay close to you,
and see your smile every day.
Khun Charm,
we’d like to invite you to the after party.
It’s VIPs only.
Finally,
we found our way back to each other, Charm.
Where have you been?
Call me back, I’m waiting.
We found our way back to each other, Charm.
Where have you been?
I texted you, but you didn’t reply.
Is this why
you disappeared all night?
It’s not what you think.
So you’re saying
nothing happened?
Ping, I…
I’m sorry, Ping.
I think I was drugged.
I don’t know what happened.
I just remember feeling weird after I drank the wine.
And then…
I’m going home.
do whatever you want.
I don’t even know
whether what you did
was intentional
or just a mistake.
But one thing’s for sure—
you’ve completely broken my trust.
Come to think of it,
you’ve never even said you love me.
I guess I’m the only one
who was the only one serious about us.
I was stupid.
Just like when I was a kid.
It’s not like that, Ping.
Ping—
Can we talk after work?
About work?
No.
About us.
I don’t have anything to say.
Ping—
I want to apologize.
I want to explain everything.
You already apologized.
I didn’t ask for an explanation.
I think we should just—
focus on work and that’s enough.
Ping—
It’s not what you think. Just let me explain.
Ping,
Charm,
Get ready to go on stage.
You ready?
I don’t know
whether what you did
was intentional or just a mistake.
But one thing’s for sure—
you’ve completely broken my trust.
Charm—
What the hell’s wrong with you?
Why are you acting like when Mint broke your heart again?
You—
If something’s wrong, just tell me.
I’m fine.
Charm—
You’re my friend.
You don’t have to act tough with me.
I’m the worst.
I ruined everything.
I love Ping so much.
but I ended up making the person I love most
hurt.
Hey… it’s okay.
Just let it out.
We’ll figure it out tomorrow.
I’ll help you.
I got you.
You don’t have to be strong anymore.
Okay.
Thank you.
Hello.
Hello, P’Chee.
Sit down.
Okay.
So—
I’ve got good news.
Yes?
What is it, P’Chee?
So, you two have been
nominated for
Rising Girl's Love Stars of the Year.
Really?
Seriously?
So I want you two to get ready.
The results are coming out in a few days.
And this is a great opportunity,
a really big deal.
Be ready.
Okay? I’ll have the team take care of your looks.
We’ll get things moving fast, okay?
Good luck.
I’m so happy!
Okay.
See you.
Okay, P’Chee.
Bye-bye.
You can head back to the workshop now.
Okay.
And now, the moment you’ve all been waiting for—
The Rising Girl Love Couple of the Year goes to…
Khun Charm and Khun Pingrak.
Congratulations to both of you.
How do you feel about this?
This award
is beyond anything I dreamed of.
Getting to work with Ping
means so much to me.
She’s so talented,
so lovely,
and she means a lot to me.
We really gave it our all.
And
we’re just really happy
that everyone loves it.
Ping—
I want to thank all the fans.
Thank you to the team for always believing in me.
Thank you, P’Charm.
for being such a dedicated partner.
We shared great moments together,
and I’ll always remember them.
Can you stay in my good memories forever?
Ping—
Can we just talk?
Please give me a chance.
Charm—
Mint’s been looking for you.
Sorry I’m late.
Looks like it’s already over.
But congrats.
You look the most beautiful tonight.
Let’s celebrate tonight, babe.
Wanna come with us, Ping?
I’ll head out then.
Mint, let go of Charm.
Why, Charm?
We had such a great night, remember?
Seriously, Mint—
did I really do anything to you that night?
If you want, I can tell Ping myself.
Ping—
I don’t know
what happened between you and Charm,
or what went wrong,
I just want to say—
people make mistakes.
If Charm is important to you,
maybe give her a chance to prove herself.
At least,
try talking to her.
Ping,
are you okay? You seem a bit down.
I’m fine, Mom.
Lately I’ve just been
a little tired.
Then—
I’ll head to class.
Go on.
Can you look into something for me?
What’s been going on with Khun Ping.
Can we talk for a second?
Just a minute, Ping.
Ping—
I know I don’t have proof yet, but—
I know I never cheated on you.
Then why should I believe you?
Do you want me to call Mint right now?
Right in front of you.
So we can clear this up once and for all.
Hello, P’Pat.
I was just thinking about you.
Tonight?
Sure.
I’ve been wanting to check out an art gallery anyway.
Hello?
P’Charm.
I’m busy.
P’Charm—
Why do I always try to believe you and listen to you,
but when it’s your turn, you never do the same for me?
Ping—
You’re mine.
I’m not letting you go anywhere.
I don’t belong to anyone.
Please pick up.
I want to explain everything.
Hello, Charm.
Wan—
I can’t reach her at all.
No calls, no texts—nothing.
So how do you want me to help?
Can you find Ping’s address for me?
I really have no other choice.
Yeah…
Okay, okay.
I’ll see what I can do.
Thanks, Wan.
Yeah.
Sorry.
I’m a bit late, traffic was really bad.
It’s okay, thanks for coming.
So—
about what you said on the phone,
what happened?
Or…
did you miss me?
It’s about Charm and Ping.
Charm can’t reach Ping at all right now.
Calls, texts—
Ping’s completely gone silent.
Charm looks like she’s given up on everything.
I can’t stand seeing my friend like that.
So I thought of you.
Hmm, so—
Is there something
you want me to help with?
I remember that
you have a connection at Jesafic Studio,
so I was wondering if you could get an address
or any kind of lead.
Sure.
Then—
I’ll ask for you.
If
this can help
Charm and Ping understand each other,
I’ll do my best.
Done.
Thank you, even though this isn’t your problem.
It’s okay.
Because—
sometimes
other people’s stories
help us understand our own relationships too.
Sounds like you’ve been through it.
Well…
maybe
I might be.
It’s strange, talking to you feels so easy.
Then—
you should talk to me more often.
Whether it’s work,
about Charm,
or even…
about you.
Preem—
I’m always here for you.
Wanna try?
This one’s good.
It’s good.
But—
I’m not sure if it’s too sweet.
You might have to try it.
Do you have business here?
Um, is this Pingrak’s house?
I came to see Ping.
She’s not home.
Uh—
In that case, may I ask a favor?
I’d like to leave a message for Ping.
May I borrow a pen and paper?
Sure.
Just a moment.
Thank you.
There’s a letter for Khun Ping.
Ping—
I want a chance to talk to you again.
If you’re ready,
can you come see me?
I’ll wait, no matter how long.
Saijai—
Yes?
Go get Khun Ping for me.
Okay.
She’s here.
I need to talk to you, Ping.
What is it, Mom?
About your plan to study in Boston—
I think it’s time.
No need to wait until you finish your bachelor’s degree.
It’s a waste of time.
You can just start over there.
Your father and I have already taken care of all the paperwork.
You just need to get ready.
I want you to start fresh.
You’ll have a brighter life there.
Maybe—
this might be the best way.
Hello, P’Chee.
Hi, what is it?
So—
I have something important to tell you.
What is it?
I’ve decided to step away.
Step away?
What do you mean?
I’m going to study in the US.
I thought you said
you’d finish your degree here first
before going?
That was the plan.
But things changed.
Does Charm know?
I haven’t told P’Charm yet.
Ping, listen to me.
Being partners—
it’s not just about working together.
It’s about…
being there in the good times
and the hardest ones.
Sometimes,
leaving without saying goodbye…
can hurt even more.
Okay.
I respect your decision.
I won’t hold you back.
Just be sure about your choice.
Thank you, P’Chee.
Thank you for everything.
I’ll never forget this place.
I want to thank you,
and I’m sorry again.
It’s okay.
Don’t forget—
that being a good partner—
it’s not about staying or leaving,
it’s about whether
we still believe in each other.
I’m still here.
Thank you.
I’ll get going now, P’Chee.
Mm.
Sorry, Preem.
Traffic was bad.
I need to tell you something about Ping.
Hello, P’Chee.
What is it, Preem?
Just now,
I just saw Ping walk out of your office.
Is something wrong?
I’ll tell you the truth.
What truth?
Pingrak’s leaving the industry.
But—
she doesn’t want me to tell Charm.
What are you going to do?
I don’t know what to do.
Should I keep her secret or tell Charm?
Is there anything I can help with?
Ping just told me she’s leaving.
What?
And—
she’s going to study in the US.
What? Really?
Actually—
I don’t want Charm to get hurt later.
So I
wanted to talk to you about it, P'Wan.
If Charm’s gonna do anything,
it has to be now—
before it’s too late.
Then I think—
we need to help them fix this.
Then let’s go grab a drink.
To—
start our plan.
Wait—
Did you trick me into this?
If that’s how you see it,
Then I’ll take that chance.
Because I like being around you.
So… you coming?
Oh, hello.
I’m Cher, Ping’s best friend.
P’Charm, are you here to see Ping?
Yes.
I really want to see Ping.
Can you help me, please?
Um, Ping hasn’t been on campus for a while.
And—
she’s flying out tonight.
To the US.
She’s going abroad to study.
Yes, but she hasn’t left home yet.
I just talked to her.
If you go now, you might still catch her.
From now on—
we’ll hold hands
and walk forward together.
Don’t be afraid.
I won’t do anything to hurt you.
You’re mine now.
Mine.
Only mine.
You’re mine.
I’m not letting you go anywhere.
I don’t belong to anyone.
I just don’t want to let you go anymore.
Thank you.
Don’t leave yet, Ping.
Don’t leave me yet.
P’Charm—
How did you get here?
Can I talk to you for a minute?
I have to go.
I love you.
I know—
I know you have to go.
I won’t stop you.
But I want you to know—
I’ll wait for you to come back.
to prove myself.
And I’ll tell you I love you again.
No matter how long it takes,
I’ll wait for you.
If I matter to you,
don’t wait for me.
I want you to be happy—
whether I’m there
or not.
I could never be happy
without you.
Have a safe trip.
I’ll be waiting.
Wan—
Ping is back.
If our brand gets into the mall, that’d be huge.
You’d get to be closer to Ping.
Do you know,
I remember everything about you.
Time changes,
and so do a lot of things.
You too.
I believe you still love me.